♪ ♪
[louise]
yes, yes, yes! Oh, my god,
Oh, my god, oh, my god,
it's gonna be so great.
And I thought gene was excited
-About pancakes.
-Pancakes!
-Louise: Oh,
pancakes schmancakes.
-Both: Hey.
We're going on
the bootlegger tour today.
Yeah, we are. You and me.
Two tickets to the tour
at the hotel down the street.
[whoops] history.
Seriously, louise?
Learning stuff?
On a Saturday?
You've changed, man.
Yeah, history?
More like his-bore-y.
'cause it's boring? High five?
It's bootleggers, you fools.
Bootleggers and smugglers
used to hang out at that hotel.
At that hotel.
What were they doing in there?
Whatever they wanted.
Selling their illegal goods
and illegal booze.
It was just like
a badass farmers market.
-Don't say "badass."
-good-ass?
-No.
-Great-ass?
-Okay, fine.
-It's nice that they gave us
Free tickets just 'cause
we're a local business.
More places should do that.
But not us.
I don't want
to give anything away.
Well, I'm excited, too.
Mom and louise day,
having a bootlegging time.
Oh, should we wear boots?
Or leggings, or both?
Or dress as flappers?
Call ourselves the bootlegging
flappy bappies? Huh?
-[louise] eh.
-I'll keep thinking.
Who wants to see
my flappy bappies?
Bappity-bappity-bappity-bappity.
Hey, harold and edith.
-You here for the tour?
-No, we're popping in here
For some afternoon delight.
-Yes, we're here for the tour.
-Okay.
[manager]
hello, and welcome
To our new
dishin' about prohibition tour.
Let me take you all the way
back to... Oh, hello there.
-Ugh. Logan?
-Ew.
-Cynthia?
-Hmm.
-[both retching]
-okay, hey, let's get started.
Can we? Let me take you all
the way back to the jazz age,
When flappers were flappenin'
and illegal hooch was happenin'.
And the hats? Don't get me
started on the hats.
Tell us about the hats.
It's just,
people had amazing hats.
Whoa, look out the window.
That's balloon lady.
Mom hasn't been gone 20 minutes
And dad already
has a wandering eye.
No, gene. Balloon lady.
One of the sidewalk performers
from down by the wharf.
-She's a ba-luminary.
-[gene] oh, yeah.
[gene]
wait, is that the bubble master?
-Yes, it is.
-Holy crap. Two heavyweights.
[gene]
and doug the juggler?
-Are you kidding me?
-[tina] and, also,
A guy with a bunch
of dirty pipes.
Oh, my god, they're coming in.
Okay, we're all here.
And pipe guy, for some reason.
I overheard you guys
when I was lurking near you.
Now, how do we decide
who gets giovanni's spot?
We fight?
I'm up for fighting.
Um, what's going on?
-Giovanni died.
-Oh, no.
Is that the guy who tap-danced
on a piece of wood?
Yeah, I guess you could say
he, uh, tapped out.
And he had the best spot
on front street.
Right by the entrance
to the wharf.
So now we're trying to decide
who gets his spot.
-And I think it should be me.
-Oh, please, bubble boy.
I'm making a balloon sword.
-Let's all make weapons.
-That's cute.
-I juggle real swords.
-[grumbles]
Uh, would any of you
like to order something
Before you sword-fight?
-Ah, fine.
-Okay.
-Yeah.
Are those leaking something?
-Uh, probably.
-Okay.
[manager]
so here we have
An ordinary bookcase.
Just your regular old... Wuh-oh!
-Whoa.
-Or is it a secret entrance
To the hotel's old speakeasy?
It is. Go on in!
From 1920 to 1933,
This was a well-hidden haven
for drinking gin and doing sins.
After prohibition, it became
A very inconvenient
storage room,
But now it's a bar again.
-Go ahead, look around.
-Ho-ho,
We have way too few secret rooms
at our restaurant.
You've mentioned that.
[manager] [old-timey voice]
look out, the cops are coming!
-Harold, hold my stash.
-[grunts]
[regular voice]
if law enforcement showed up,
The doorman would warn
the naughty patrons inside here
Through this simple hose
with a little bell thingy
At the end of it
that looks like a flower.
-Oh.
-And then the bartender
could talk back through it.
[old-timey voice]
"thanks for the warning, buddy."
[regular voice]
and everyone could escape
Through a secret tunnel
behind the bar
That led to the pier.
-Oh.
-That same tunnel
Was also used by the bootleggers
To sneak booze and other
smuggled items into the hotel.
It was just
a really great tunnel.
-Is the tunnel still here?
-Uh, sadly, no.
No, the whole thing was
filled in by the city in 1953.
No sense of fun,
those city people.
But everything else here
is still intact,
So you can have a look around,
and then
I'll take you to room 111,
Where the notorious smuggler
slippery sam always stayed,
And where
he was eventually betrayed.
You can react.
You could gasp or "ooh,"
-Or somethin' like--
-[all oohing]
-Wow.
-Thank you, that's great.
[teddy]
they're having a sit-down
in your restaurant?
That's a big deal.
I don't think anyone's
-Ever seen them all
in one place.
-Like the beatles.
-Well, I get the biggest crowds.
-Ha! Maybe 15 years ago.
Bubbles are over. Can you make
a bald eagle out of a bubble?
-I don't think so.
-Bubbles will never be over.
Bubbles are forever.
Bubbles, balloons,
you both blow. Get it?
I found these pipes in
a dumpster by a grocery store.
Look, this isn't
getting us anywhere.
There is only one thing left
to do: Let the street decide.
Uh, w-what does that mean?
We perform and the winner
is chosen by the audience.
Wow. Uh, when are
you gonna do that?
-And-and where?
-Right here, right now.
-[all gasp]
-wait, what?
-They mean us. We would decide.
-Ooh.
-I think I'm gonna throw up.
-Well, that's the least fun
Street performance.
So, this is the room 111,
Where slippery sam
would always stay.
But they could have called him
"suspicious of everyone" sam,
Because he made modifications
to the room--
Unbeknownst to management--
In order to hide
his stolen goods
From his fellow thieves
and ne'er-do-wells.
Just an ordinary bedpost, right?
[all oohing]
And did you notice
the antique outlets?
Aha!
-[all oohing]
-but the hiding spot
For his most famous hidden loot
has never been found.
-Why not?
-I was getting to that.
-Oh.
-In 1932,
Sam checked into the hotel
hoping to find a fence
For the jade jellyfish.
A dazzling piece of home decor
that was estimated to be worth
Around $40,000 at that time,
Which today would be
the equivalent of over $700,000.
-[all oohing]
-holy crap!
-The jade jellyfish
Was stolen from
its original owner,
A new york collector
named carlyle linus,
And hidden somewhere
in or around the hotel
While a sale was arranged.
Slippery sam had more
than his share of enemies,
So not only did he hide
the jellyfish,
He also left behind a letter
for his girlfriend mimi molero,
In case anything
should happen to him.
But it would turn out
to be mimi herself
Who would betray slippery sam.
[gasps]
mimi.
Yes. On October 15th, 1932,
Mimi was arrested for running
an unlicensed casino
On a converted barge
out in the bay.
She called it
the s.S. Perfectly legal,
But it certainly was not.
To avoid jail time,
she sang like a canary
About her notorious boyfriend,
Giving the g-men enough dirt
to put sam away
For the rest of his life.
Which wasn't long,
because he died in a shoot-out
In this very hotel
When they tried
to take him into custody.
-Aw.
-See? That's why you don't need
-A girlfriend, logan.
-Mom.
Now, sam's letter to mimi
was discovered
In the bedpost years later.
A cryptic clue from a dead
smuggler to a femme fatale.
"our green friend--"
clearly, the jellyfish--
"has made a home
20 paces west of poseidon."
Nearly everyone agrees
that "poseidon,"
Greek god of the sea,
means the hiding spot
Was 20 paces from the ocean,
And this almost certainly
refers to some nook
In the now filled-in
bootleggers' tunnel
Which ran under front street.
If only he used
the hotel safe, right?
-[soft laughter]
-yeah, that was funny.
Now, if you'll follow me back
to our speakeasy/vip lounge,
You can enjoy a complementary
rumrunner's blind blackout--
Which I believe is apple juice--
or peruse
Our updated cocktail list
and light appetizer menu.
-[edith] is there a discount?
-[manager] there is not, but--
-[edith] I'll take the juice.
-[manager] all right.
Let's not stay.
I don't want to stay.
Also, I have to pee.
Let's go.
Bye. Bye.
So sorry we couldn't chat.
-[groans]
-[linda] oh, there you are.
Do you want to split
this tomato-feta thing with me?
-[whispering] mom.
Sorry. Listen.
-Ow, ow.
-What?
-We know something
About the jade jellyfish
that the manager doesn't.
-That no one else knows.
-We-we do?
-Yes.
-What?
"poseidon" doesn't mean the sea.
It's got to be the poseidon
statue near the ride.
In fischoeder's secret
clubhouse under the pier.
The statue where
you pinch his nipples?
Yes. We can go there and maybe
find the jade jellyfish.
Find it? I-I don't know.
Please? I need you.
We're the bootlegging
flappy bappies.
We are? You and me?
Flappy bappies?
Flappin' together,
bappin' forever?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. So?
[whispers]
okay, okay, let's do it.
Let's go find
the jolly jellyfish.
-[louise] jade.
-[linda] yeah.
-Hmm.
-Okay, ready.
You sure you don't have
to tinkle-dinkle?
Ugh, yes. But, hey, mom,
want to make $700,000?
Ugh, you sound
just like your father.
I am not selling vitamins
to my friends.
No, mom.
[indistinct whispering]
And then...
Did you brush your teeth today?
Mom! No.
So, yeah, we're gonna go
find slippery sam's jellyfish
In the under-pier.
[bob]
linda, what are you
talking about?
[whispering]
louise thinks she can find
This smuggler's jellyfish thingy
-They told us about on the tour.
-Okay.
I know, I'm sure
it's long gone by now,
But bob,
we're doing a thing together.
She wants to do it with me.
We don't have
a lot of things like that,
And this one
I didn't have to force at all.
Remember when
I tried to make her watch
Knots landing reruns with me?
-Mom. Come on.
-[regular volume] okay.
Okay, see you soon, bye.
All right, come on. Here we go.
Damn it. Who locks the door
To a secret underground
clubhouse?
No-fun poopheads, that's who.
Hey, you want to go
get a hot dog or ice cream?
Yes, that's it. Ice cream.
-[cackles]
-oh, great.
-I'm hungry.
-No, that's another way
To get into the under-pier.
-Oh.
-Let's go.
Ah... Ow!
-It's a little cold
for ice cream.
-I don't think
They're getting ice cream.
But if they are, I want some.
Ah, not before you've had
some growing food.
Don't say "growing food."
ugh!
-Hi.
-Hello.
Uh, can I get a sample
of the double-fudge nut blast?
-Mom. Oh, my gosh.
-What?
The weirdest thing--
we just saw
Mr. Fischoeder,
your boss, right?
-Yeah?
-He's over on the wonder wheel
Throwing paper airplanes
made out of ten dollar bills.
Seriously?
I love ten dollar bills.
-Be right back.
-You're a sneaky little
-Slippery sam, aren't you?
-I can be somewhat slippery.
-Wow, look at that.
-After you?
-Wait, no, I lied. After me.
-Yep, yep.
[teddy]
a chinese dragon
made out of balloons?
[tina]
how is anyone gonna top this?
-Nudity?
-Probably not.
-[clears throat]
-Sorry.
-You guys like
showstopping finales?
[teddy]
I do.
-[tina] whoa.
-Oh, my god.
-Wow. That's impressive.
-Oh...
You and I are gonna get married.
-Oops.
-Who's next?
Who's next? This is the most
amazing day of my life!
You know, it's actually
kind of fun down here
When no one's chasing you
and trying to murder you.
I guess most places
are like that.
So, the secret clubhouse
with the poseidon statue
Will look just like a wall
with some crap around it.
Oh, whoa,
I tripped on a seahorse.
Aw, they're cute.
Except that one.
Mom, come on. We're down here
To find the jade jellyfish,
not to look at cute old things.
You're right. Besides,
I can look at cute old things
When we get home
and see your father.
[laughs]
good... That's a good...
Know what?
Stop getting distracted.
Right, right, right.
Aw, dead pigeon.
-Mom!
-Yep, yep, yep, yep.
[tina]
seems like one
we could have done outside.
For those of us who have to mop
-All this up later.
-Tina, shh.
[gene]
whoa.
-He just made
smoking cool again.
-Yeah.
-[both] wow.
-What?!
He's amazing.
I call it "reincarnation's
infinite spirit."
Heh. Okay.
I do feel a little reincarnated.
Wait till I go.
Uh, excuse me, can-can I wash
My flip flops in your sink?
Uh, uh, uh...
I-- yeah, in the bathroom.
Oh, never mind.
[snorting]
I've got more spit
than I thought.
-Gross.
-Mm.
Ugh, why does
this secret clubhouse
Have to be so damn secret?
Well, I think
the important thing is
The bootlegging flappy
bappies are having themselves
Quite an adventure.
Can't we just be
the bootleggers?
The bootlegging belchers?
No. Anyway, I'm glad
we're doing this,
-No matter what happens.
-Oh, my god.
The clubhouse. This is it.
The hatch! We found it.
-Yay!
-Let's open this baby up.
Somehow, from the outside...
-[both grunting]
-[logan] mom, walk faster.
-Dang it. Wait.
-We're gonna lose them, come on.
-[shushes] hold on.
-[cynthia] these are
not good walking shoes...
-Do you hear something?
-What? What?
[logan] you never bring
good walking shoes.
I'm gonna buy you
some comfortable flats.
Some sensible flats.
Oh, no.
-Logan?
-Oh. Hey, louise.
Hi, linda.
Quick, let's hit 'em over
the head with something heavy.
-No, never mind.
-What? You can't just take
a great idea back like that.
I can't believe you
followed us here, logan.
Wait, how did you know
to follow us here?
Oh, just a little thing
called hearing you talk
About finding
the jade jellyfish
Through the secret pipes
on the hotel tour thing.
Damn it.
That's so sneaky.
I have to respect it
but I also don't like you,
So I-I'm at a loss here.
You'll also be
at a loss when we find
The jellyfish before you.
Now, would you do me
a favor and-and just tell me
Where this poseidon ride is?
Uh, I mean, I think
poseidon rode, like, a seahorse?
So maybe that has something
to do with it?
Seahorse, huh?
But, ugh.
What am I saying?
Why am I telling you
any of this?
Wait, what? Oh.
Quiet, louise.
-Oh, logan. What about
the seahorses we saw back--
-mom!
It's probably
not even down here.
Let's just go home and be the
amount of rich we already are.
We're leaving?
Oh, thank god. I need a shower.
And you are definitely
doing a tubby tonight.
-Mom!
-A bath, a bath.
Idiots.
Good thinking, louise.
You clever little
cutie patootie.
Okay, come on.
-Use that mom strength.
-[both grunting]
Use your muscles, mom.
Please. Come on.
-[grunting]
-whoa, whoa, whoa.
Wait a minute. 20 paces west.
-What?
-The statue of poseidon
Is right on the other side
of this hatch,
-Like, a few feet away.
-Yeah?
So I'm realizing that based
on what side of the country
We live on
and how the ocean works,
20 paces west is that way.
Outside the hatch.
We don't have to open it.
Well, that's good, 'cause
that thing is not budging.
That wall looks like
it's about 20 paces away.
And it looks like it's been
around for at least 100 years.
-It's got to be in there.
-Wait, in the wall?
Yeah, in the wall.
Classic slippery sam.
-Come on, come on, come on.
-Um, louise?
-The boards are cracking.
-Yeah.
But not in, like,
too dangerous of a way.
Oh my god. I-I think
these boards are rotten.
Come on, mom.
You know how old boards are.
They crack.
It's part of their whole charm.
-I-it's just--
-look, we'll just walk
nice and easy, okay?
See? [vocalizing]
Okay, but one more crack
and we're out of here.
-Fine.
-[board creaks]
That was more of a creak.
This is also very good.
[teddy]
yeah. You think he just had
all those things with him?
What?
He did not just do that.
[muffled] mm, I did do it.
Yeah, I did. I did it.
At any moment, he could have
cut himself with the sword,
Taken a bite of the lightbulb,
dropped the apple
On the ground,
and then it's all dirty.
[tina]
damn.
-Yeah.
-I think I'm gonna faint.
And that is why I deserve
giovanni's spot.
-And they do not.
-[applause]
Are you gonna finish that apple
And/or can I play around
with your sword?
-Sure, whatever. Here, catch.
-Yay!
-No.
-Boo.
20 paces from which seahorse?
[groans] I guess
I'll have to do all of them.
You seem cranky. Are you hungry?
-I brought raisins.
-No.
Okay, maybe a handful.
Louise, I really want you
to come back.
In a minute.
I'm just gonna try this way.
Louise. I'd come grab you,
But I'm too heavy and I'm
afraid we'd both fall through.
So please walk your little
feet back towards me,
Slowly and carefully,
but also somehow quickly.
I am walking back toward you,
but I got to go the long way,
Toward the wall,
which coincidentally
Is where the jellyfish is,
which is unrelated.
I'm just walking back
towards you the long way, okay?
Uh-oh.
-Whoa!
-Louise!
-Oh, my god. Oh, my god.
-Oh, no.
We were so close.
Okay, minor setback.
Let's think.
Louise! We are not gonna
find the jellyfish!
-What?
-I'm sorry, sweetie. I just--
There's just no way
it's still down here.
What do you mean?
The letter said--
It's been 100 years.
Things get bashed around
and filled in and washed away.
It's just how it is with things.
I can barely find
-My car keys when I need 'em.
-So this whole time,
You never thought
we'd find the jellyfish?
-I mean... Eh...
-Then w-what are we
doing down here?
Aw, honey.
Having fun, right?
The bootlegging flappy bappies?
No. No.
No bootlegging flappy bappies.
You've just been lying
to me this whole time.
I'm sorry.
You're a bootlegging
flappy liar!
Louise, no.
Ugh, another dead pigeon.
I can't believe this whole time
you were just
Playing pretend with me.
-Like I'm a child.
-I mean, you are a child.
I'm not a child. I'm nine.
Listen, it's been so great
spending the day with you,
Seeing you so excited.
When you have kids,
You'll see how happy it makes
you to see your kids happy.
We were doing it together,
you and me.
We had a thing,
something we could share.
Until it almost got you killed.
I just...
I know it's there, mom.
I know it.
Huh. You really
believe that, don't you?
Yes. I do.
Okay.
Okay?
Like, okay okay?
-Yes. [groans]
-[gasps]
Damn your sweet
little face full of hope.
If you really believe it,
then...
I'm gonna believe it, too.
Maybe. Sort of.
But if you die, you and I
are going to have
Big problems, lady.
Big problems.
-Okay, yeah.
-All right, I think
I have an idea.
I'm a little terrified
about what this is gonna be.
What is dripping
out of those pipes?
-Let's call it water.
-Mm.
♪ ♪
-Damn.
-Oh, my god.
I'm crying, I'm crying.
-So he wins?
-Yeah.
Yeah. Giovanni's spot
is all yours, pipe guy.
You beautiful freak.
Thank you all. But, honestly,
we should share it.
-What?
-Yeah, what?
-Then what the hell
was all of this?
-Tina, calm down.
I really just want Thursday
mornings and Sunday afternoons.
-You sure you want to do that?
-It's what giovanni
would have wanted.
And I should know.
He was my dad.
-He was?
-What?!
-Okay, probably not.
But let's just share the spot.
I've written out
a schedule for you.
It's-it's on a pipe, but still.
-Seems fair.
-Works for me.
-Yeah, I can work with this.
Wow, great. Now, uh,
now that that's settled,
Can, uh, can I bring
you guys some lunch?
-You guys want
to split a burger?
-All right.
-Sure.
-Okay.
-So one burger, split four ways?
Well, there's four of us.
I'll split it.
I got the sword.
Maybe five ways?
I would have some.
This was a great idea, mom.
[groans]
I hate this idea.
Leaving is a good idea,
but we're doing this.
Yep. Yep we are.
[groans] can't I be the one
to go out on the board?
Uh, no, you weigh
more than me, remember?
Stupid adult body.
[groans, moans]
Okay, yeah,
just checking the panels.
How long are we gonna do this?
Like, like, five more seconds?
Where are you?
[gasps]
Ha! I mean, shh.
-Mom. Mom! Look.
-What?
-Holy crap.
-[laughs] ooh! Shh. Shh.
Keep it down.
Mom, keep it down, but look.
Okay, okay, time to come back.
Come, come, come, come.
I knew it. I knew it. I was
right and you were wrong.
-You thought I was just a child.
-Uh-huh. Okay, okay.
You were right.
-Oh, my gosh.
-You were right.
Let, let's just not
Fall into the ocean
and drown to death.
You were like, "oh, I'll
just pretend around her,"
-But it's real.
-Louise.
-Will you ever doubt me again?
-No, no, no.
-Eh, I don't know, maybe.
-It's amazing.
-Put it under your coat.
-Oh, ooh.
Oop, oof.
Ooh, it's squishing my boob.
Dang it. Where is it?
[groans]
You know, we could probably find
Some bootlegger treasure
on ebay.
-You think so?
-I'm gonna say yes.
-More raisins?
-Thanks, mom.
All right, all we got to do now
is get past the ice cream kid.
Follow my lead,
and we'll be jade in the shade.
-[fischoeder] hello.
-[both] aah!
You, uh, take any good
bootlegger tours lately?
-Hmm. I-I don't think so.
-Heh. Yeah, I-I hate tours.
You weren't scurrying
around under there
Looking for my jade jellyfish,
were you?
Your jade jellyfish?
That belonged to slippery sam.
Um, if-- it-it would
if it-if it was still there,
Or if I-- you know, I don't even
know what you're talking about.
As owner of this property,
you should understand,
If it were there,
it would belong to me.
Unrelated: Have you got
something under your coat?
-Her boobs?
-Three of them?
-Don't judge.
-Come on, give it. Give it here.
-Sorry, hon.
-[groans]
Oh, you're gonna make
fischy so much money.
Yes, you are. Yes, you are.
-Well, it's worth nothing.
-Wait, what?
Yes, I had the jade jellyfish
appraised.
And, oddly enough,
it's not made out of jade.
-[groans]
-does it even have jelly in it?
The dyed quartz jellyfish
would be a more accurate name.
-Aw.
-There was a lot
of that going around
Back in the jade craze days.
But I sold it to that
rube manager at the hotel
For him to use
as part of his tour.
After some fierce negotiating,
we settled on $100.
And since you found it,
I'm giving you half.
Yes! I get 50 bucks.
-Minus expenses.
-Expenses?
I had to invest
in locks for the hatches
To the under-pier,
thank you very much.
And I had to get
a fun keychain for the keys.
Look, it's a little palm tree.
Don't touch it.
Anyway, I deducted those costs,
and this is for you.
-$17.
-Okey dokey.
-It's something.
-Now, be a lamb
and stop trespassing
-On my property, okay?
-[gene] no!
-Bye.
-Mom, we're pretty good at this.
You know what I'm thinking?
You, me, lost city of atlantis.
I bet it's in atlanta.
Has anyone looked there?
I don't know. Maybe?
When's your spring break?
Or maybe just find
some more, uh, you know,
-Walking-distance treasures,
closer to...
-Don't be jealous.
So louise, what are you gonna
spend your money on?
I think I know
what I'm gonna do with it.
♪ ♪
♪ flappy bappies ♪
♪ flappy bappies,
flappy bappies ♪
♪ flappy bappies ♪
♪ flappy bappies,
flappy bappies ♪
♪ bootlegging flappy bappies ♪
♪ ah... ♪
♪ flappin' together ♪
♪ bappin' forever ♪
♪ flappy bappies ♪
♪ flappy bappies,
flappy bappies ♪
♪ flappy bappies ♪
♪ flappy bappies,
flappy bappies ♪
♪ bootlegging flappy ba... ♪
Captioning sponsored by
bento box entertainment
And toyota.